Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You are late, but I sure was. I apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Shaun W.: Hey, yesterday I yesterday they stole my nephew's a homie struck. He went to work yesterday morning, and I was getting ready for the counseling.
Shaun W.: And I totally forgot. Once he said his truck was doing. I had to go over the video we had to find out which time they stole it. And we got the video of them break these D and the carpet like 20
Shaun W.: Minutes before
Gwenevere Abriel: They're
Shaun W.: Doing all this shit. And then they decided to take the whole thing.
Shaun W.: Then they took the whole the whole it was a Jeep Cherokee. And I was like, oh my god, I totally forgot about counseling yesterday until like one or two o'clock. And that's when I text you. I was like, Oh my God, because they were all that happen. I totally forgot about the cops came everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay
Shaun W.: Yeah, it was just yeah just yeah to report.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your, your cousin, it was your cousin right
Shaun W.: knows my nephew's friend.
Shaun W.: Steve here. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and he's okay.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Shaun W.: Still yeah they still haven't found it.
Shaun W.: I use it. Yeah, I'm gonna use it to ram into something
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did he love that cheap.
Shaun W.: Yeah. Yes, he did. He was he's already
Shaun W.: He's only
Gwenevere Abriel: He's just a baby.
Shaun W.: You just took you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, yeah 17 you love your car, you kidding me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all about that ride. Well, okay, where does that bring you so let me, let me give you some context. Okay. So typically, I kind of know what's going on. I I stay in really close contact with my clients through texting, I can say, hey, here's a heads up and I confirm appointments
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I'm in a almost zero cell area. So I'm having to figure out how I'm going to be communicating appointments to my clients. I tried to reach you using my laptop. Did I reach you last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not
Shaun W.: At all.
Shaun W.: Yeah, you got to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you you reached me weird right. How come I don't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't get it because I got yours. Um, but
Shaun W.: All screenshot it
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not so. Yeah. No, no, let me, let me just talk for just a second. Okay, so I'm trying to explain my side. So you have the whole picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not going to be able to send texts.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried last night using my laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: And using I messages or something. I don't, I'm not a tech person. So I'm just doing the best I can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was a weird for me. So what it means is if you send me a message, you won't know if I received it because also like I can. I'm looking right now at, yours, yours got here at 5:02am
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours got here. Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But me, I can't write you so
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you leave here today. Am I text you yesterday, like
That's crazy.
Shaun W.: Yeah, you took all that time to go through
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So communication. So sit there for a second communication just took 50% hit, it's going to suffer and I really like having this nice flow that I have with my clients, it's still frustrating for me and it may end up that you're a little frustrated, too. I won't mean to be
Gwenevere Abriel: But it means an increase in email. Maybe if if you get a call from bright heart health, like Angelina, is my assigned care navigator
Gwenevere Abriel: I, you know, so maybe she'll call and say, hey, Gwen, blah blah blah, is just confirming appointments. Do you listen to voicemails ever. Some people just never check up I
Shaun W.: Don't yeah Sometimes I'll check them. I'll have like 15 or 12 Volvo
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you just bright heart health when they call you. Is there a number that you're like, oh, that's bright heart health, like you recognize it when they call them know okay I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alternatively, I may star six seven a number on a, like a old school landline type thing. So I'm going to give that a try. In fact, I'm going to try yours now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your is your fault. It wouldn't ring if I tried to call it right now.
Shaun W.: Yeah, it'll
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to try it because this will set in place a confidence level. Oh, well, you know, I just need to go old school and call this man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And confirm our appointment. Are you gonna be here tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to be
Shaun W.: remade
Shaun W.: You ever made that text. Now you can make a new number every day and it's free. As long as you have internet in your house or anywhere you have a phone line.
Shaun W.: So, are you okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you okay with hearing. Hey Sean confirming tomorrow, blah, blah, blah. And then you say yes. And I say, Have a good night. Yeah. Is that okay
Shaun W.: Yeah, we already do usually do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to do old school. Alright, so I'm going to give it a shot right now. Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to see if it works. It worked with someone, this morning, but I'm having a really adjust
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're something should ring. Let's see if it works or you gotta dial the area code to around here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, here.
Shaun W.: Over there is populations Vega.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah I'm trying it again. Hold on.
Shaun W.: We went through, I answered it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
Shaun W.: Yeah, I answered it, you hung up on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it showed
Shaun W.: It showed a blueprint.
Shaun W.: Are you hungry. It was calling you up. It always does. Your name is just solid number or name your shows afford to eat number
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure what to do. I'll be very honest with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what's going to happen, Sean.
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be new. But these texts. This is really important because this is a big adjustment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I i do courtesy texts to everyone. The night before, those are not happening anymore. It's now all on y'all you to remember our appointments that we confirm face to face right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know that's new. And I know that's going to be like well I liked it. And hey, what happened all the help, but it's it's gone for now. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever we say, that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, now that's all my side. So I'm apologizing for whatever inconvenience is happening. But I also want to make sure you have your medication, since you miss group, is there a message, I can send Dr element.
Shaun W.: Yeah, gentlemen. One of the minute to make a group, I can make. Oh well.
Gwenevere Abriel: You should. I can tell you right now. Do you want. Do you have like do you keep a recovery journal stupid. Write down all the groups so you know where you can you can say, hey, la, la.
Shaun W.: La you've told me before, is I think Thursday, right, there's on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the answer is no. Okay, so you're using, like, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Still not getting one. That's fine. It's all
Gwenevere Abriel: open and honest it that way. Here we go. You ready
Shaun W.: So that there's no yeah, go, go.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Today 12 now we can't be today. Sorry, because we're meeting. Now, here we go. Thursday 11am Friday. Dr. Solomon actually runs 12pm
Shaun W.: Yeah, I'll do on Thursday 11 I'll be there for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's Dr robberies or
Shaun W.: One to one on Wednesday tomorrow. Oh, that's Dr. Aubrey or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but but it won't be either doctor every I'll I will actually I don't know who they will be to I'm just don't run them so you can go to some, but I don't have a memorized, because I don't run them. I'm sorry. So here's what you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hang up and you can contact virtual clinic and say, hey, hey. Glenn said I need to go to just put it on me like it'll go easier. She told me I have to go to a makeup group and I can only go on Wednesday. So what are those group numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what are the times and then they'll say 130 I think there's something at 130 I think there's something at night to might be 630 but I'm literally making up random numbers right now so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, what's today.
Shaun W.: Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you said, is there anything tomorrow. Didn't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. That's what I mean. Some. There are a few on Wednesdays, because I've wanted to add a group on Wednesdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: And people would like really because there's so much going on and like if I
Gwenevere Abriel: So there we go. You have a plan. Now for a makeup group and it can be tomorrow, but I don't know when I will endeavor to have that available for other people that have that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've covered medication. We've covered group and you now know if you and I confirm, which we're going to do now, if you don't mind. Let's scoot to June Ish. Ish. Ish. Ish June 9
Gwenevere Abriel: at 9am just repeat that back to that.
Shaun W.: Very good money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight's 9am individual therapy. Let's get that transcribed. Sweet. Now let's get to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing,
Shaun W.: Or just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, change it at work.
Shaun W.: No same
Gwenevere Abriel: Same same
Shaun W.: Kind of feel bad for my, my little nephews home he got his car stolen. I thought, Dan works.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it could happen to any of us on
Shaun W.: The right way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaking of cars is you're still working. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one one little oil issue and we're
Just
Gwenevere Abriel: We're past that. Let's not bring it up again.
Shaun W.: Again, I
Shaun W.: Thought I knew what I was doing. I thought he said he empty, but it wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: She remembers that
Shaun W.: Yeah, that dudes all did you
Shaun W.: Know,
Shaun W.: Goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I've been doing all this administrative stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm on a laptop so I'm a little slow going here. I'm going to open up a note for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears, of course, are just super congested. So lots of hair flipping today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I look like, cool, but that's not the new
Member me
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you doing your assessment of sort of a register of
Gwenevere Abriel: Relationship with anger. So are you feeling like you're getting angry easily anger about the same, or I'm not getting as angry as often. What are you noticing.
Shaun W.: No, I'm getting more angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh really,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Hmm, let me get in this note because I want to understand that more
Gwenevere Abriel: That surprises me.
Shaun W.: I don't know what it's just like these, like, little shifts morning
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it primarily happened around
Shaun W.: Can't stand my mama.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you've got it.
Shaun W.: I was wonder if she had like Tourette's or something. But she has to see like like messed up things to people all day long. I guess you can't help it, or something like it's it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: But have there been settings where you've seen her like be super polite to a neighbor that she wanted something from
Shaun W.: Yeah, even me. She's doing to be nice, sometimes, but she's Weird. Weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no pattern to it. There's no predictable way.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see, when is your next review, do I need to do a treatment plan review.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though we may know why someone's doing what they're doing, it's still, it's just so painful to hear so much criticism and negativity.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I told him.
Shaun W.: I said, now you're always negative. What do
Shaun W.: You also really bugs me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have any psychological mindedness to her where she can sort of have humility and say, yeah, I kinda I am Bad Company. Today I'm going to kind of stay in my room and just no awareness.
Oh,
Shaun W.: They were going over there. What, what, why are you secluded there someone in your family kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not one to really share. As you've noticed about my personal life, so that will remain
Gwenevere Abriel: With Shawna want to take in that it sounds like you're you're concerned and kind of want to know what
Shaun W.: Are your right
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. Everybody's okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: Everybody's actually, your kids, your kids are good.
Gwenevere Abriel: At yeah everybody's okay
But thank you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know I i probably
Gwenevere Abriel: About the only thing I said one time and group was I said I said it last week actually. It was really cute because people like people like, oh, she's going to tell a story about herself. She's gonna talk about herself. Wait for it, wait for it, and I was like, Nah, I'm not gonna tell you why.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I said I said I'm feeling sad. I said I have, I feel sad and and then of course I crack some jokes and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's my coping mechanism. Right. I use humor and sarcasm and levity. Yeah.
Shaun W.: Me too, me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this law. Yeah. And I said, in a little I go a little over the top with some attention seeking behavior. So I said, let's let's take, let's take the focus off of me.
Shaun W.: My wife, you just told me that everything being funny, Sean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you know what, we our mind actually takes in information, much, much better when we're in that state of finding things humorous.
Gwenevere Abriel: light hearted, because then we're not in this right perceived threat. Um, so it's actually a good mindset to take in new information, it'll get in there when we're in kind of our giggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me just see. I think it was the 12 so I think we're good for now as far as reviewing your specific goals, although that's not true because 528. So why don't I BUY ALL RIGHT. A LITTLE statement for each of these I want success in life, last time we spoke
Gwenevere Abriel: You were working target mapping okay to spontaneously this week, so just your own assessment went because, again, this is your defined goal. I want to succeed in life is your goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about kind of where you're you're seeing some progress in that
Shaun W.: All right, now I'm not seeing progress. I'm just stuck where I'm at. So I'm just waiting for them to get hired on, give me a raise, and they should that's coming up pretty soon. So once you get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, looking forward to getting raised, we could say
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, now wait a minute. I'm wondering if you're minimizing come you have kept this job you do see that right like
Gwenevere Abriel: You told me straight up when we first met, I don't like jobs for long.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're staying with this one. Don't you think that's part of how you succeed is not having to constantly trying to re higher than de de then rehired of of it right, it throws us off.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're spending money to your there's no way to save during those periods of time. So I think I happen to think that you're taking an amazing step with the succeed in life by keeping this job but but you don't see it that way.
Shaun W.: No.
Shaun W.: I just think I'm kind of stuck. Well, good job.
Gwenevere Abriel: So succeed is is it truly about the income like ASEAN I make this amount of income, then I'll be successful or is it about being living in my own place like if you had a
Gwenevere Abriel: Measure, which is why others.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when. How about I go like this when I get
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Shaun W.: Own fighter for you within the next week three to four weeks or should be a mom, please.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what I'm writing but this has to be your kind of wording okay when I get my own place that will be, is it a sign of success. I'm succeeding. How would you work that yeah
Shaun W.: I'll feel like I'm succeeding days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's that. There we go. I that will feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm succeeding.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all I see Sean is just you're minimizing what you're doing a
Shaun W.: Meeting shoulder criminal you're minimizing your involvement.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless I'm either me then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you're, you're minimizing the work that it takes. Look how close you are three weeks, a month, two months away from getting my own place. You already have the car. Dude, you have, they have this job when I'm when I say minimize
Gwenevere Abriel: Your yourself props for
Gwenevere Abriel: How far you've come. Okay, this is all it takes, it's not great big magical thing. It's just this one day at a time step up show up for work, man, we just show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what, it's not as bad as I thought. Guess what, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm getting into groove at work. Hey, I had a kind of a fun interaction with some of the days over and then you go do it again and you eat you hang with the people. And then you get up and do it again. It's nothing fancy. Right.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's going to get you what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that that race thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, is this the place that's going to keep you for another like year. So do you think
Shaun W.: No, no, keep it. What if I get hired on know dokey me forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this could be
Shaun W.: What it is, I worked for at Tim service they had this company I worked for only HIRES TO THE GYM service. They don't hire, no one like you come and ask for a job, you have to go to the service.
Shaun W.: I went to the company and asked her job and making me think, said, hey, we only hire to this Tim service. So I went through this Tim service and see when I get hired on I'll get a $2 and 50 cent raise
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I like that.
Shaun W.: So that's what I'm waiting on and especially once I get hired on man. I'll be living comfortable in my own spot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when did they say they're going to do that performance review and assess you
Shaun W.: Oh, they said they're gonna do that pretty soon. They just said soon you're gonna be hired on soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't like some, like, see I need specificity, but you're comfy with
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes me nuts. I got. I'm like, well, if you break that down for me and weeks, please.
Shaun W.: They don't, they don't say tell you the exact time because I don't think they even though they just one day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can tolerate that uncertainty, you're okay with that just was soon.
Shaun W.: So it's I think about luck. Sometimes I think. Damn, I work hard and most mass. What if they don't hire me on
Shaun W.: You know, I mean, because there's people that have been there longer than me to
Shaun W.: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's play that one. Let I'm gonna, I want to play with that one a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: What if they don't hire me on, I want to look into that. I've got increased anger retail know what if don't hire me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta write little notes for these goals here I got that one about student life. And this is another one, you're attending group. Oh, I want to get a good relationship with my kids well each kid requires a different kind of relating. So how are you doing with your daughter these days.
Shaun W.: She text me
Shaun W.: Some bullshit about her stepdad like praising her step dad like Toby and the nice takes it back and said, well, look, don't call me to where I won't even answer your call them or don't call them then
Shaun W.: She's a Why wasn't saying like that. I was just saying that I thought you hit me up more that you're out or something that I do hit her up. She never gets me over this. She's like, just whiny
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Shaun W.: We started talking yesterday. Oh yes, just
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's daughter, and are you are you. But before you do the defensive part of already, you know, no. Do you see that she wants more of you, you can you hear that part of it though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, that's a good thing, that's a positive thing wanting you to write because we're the parent. So we do that, we're the ones that reach out
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not on our children to to sort of take care of us, but rather, we're going to do the reaching out, we're going to connect with them. That's just what we're going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's a good thing that she wants it. That's a great sign
Gwenevere Abriel: You taking that in and not, you're not getting defensive by that or are you getting a little hurt. No, okay, because that's a compliment to the relationship to the trust that you've built in that she's looking forward to hearing from you more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what about a son.
Shaun W.: Oh, last time I talked to him. We played online video games for like three hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how you guys kind of connect right
Shaun W.: Yeah, we just jump on
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know there's there's a poet, that I won't read your poem don't have a panic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And basically, my Angelo, and she basically says you know when it's all said and done, you know we we won't remember the things that people did for us, but we will remember how we felt
Gwenevere Abriel: Around the people in our life. So your son gets to feel your presence. He gets to feel the playful nature he gets to feel connection, whether you do or you don't buy her right it's how he feels around you that will linger for years to come.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that thought.
Shaun W.: He's my son, the good kitty works, it works. He just graduated already are working full time, but he worked his whole high school like part time in the same company.
Shaun W.: Like three years I think worked and then now he's up he's working full time she's doing good. I'm really proud of him.
Shaun W.: I just wants to be
Shaun W.: Wants to be a real estate agent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, sweet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to be able to fund this graduation.
Shaun W.: That these they were telling me that they're not. They don't know if they're having one
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Shaun W.: Because I asked my P. O. If I could go and he said that you're gonna give you off the ankle bracelets. I'm doing good in that that once I got the English I might be able to go, but he told me that they don't you know through how
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people's are cancelled.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're putting up
Gwenevere Abriel: Like banners in front of their house and sort of acknowledging you know what a way to go. And then whatever anything but also there are doing things through through teleconference where people are able to have ceremonies.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll be able to pull something off like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could see like a live stream. I know it seems crazy, but at least you're they're going away.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope they do something like that for them. Our kids are being robbed of these these sort of important memories.
Shaun W.: My nephew graduated to my nephew here who graduated from Sandia
Now,
Shaun W.: Yeah, so it's against him. I never had the prom or wins for that because I went to the boys school, but also to Kenyan I didn't get out. So I was eating. So we didn't have problem.
Shaun W.: And I bet I regret that I take, and I really wish I went through all that
Shaun W.: Because I end up marrying my my middle schools. We are like we're together since middle school and have married and having two kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Let's, um, let's turn to stop eating goals now and I'm going to go to
Gwenevere Abriel: More relevant stuff right to not that it's on relevant, but rather what you started with, which had to do with I'm noticing increased irritability, kind of, you know,
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that.
Shaun W.: Yeah I noticed it like it's been getting bad like
Shaun W.: Like
Shaun W.: The other day I was one of the points of my or my toothbrush, and I was getting my two boys, I gotta go to work and they're getting showered is my little niece. My nephew little homie.
Shaun W.: You go now as well and see nothing but in my head around what places for fish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you remember any of the skills that you've learned here.
Shaun W.: No, you know what the other day when I was driving. I was feeling like anxiety real bad and I started doing really well. I was writing
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Shaun W.: Was like trying to
Shaun W.: calm myself down because I was getting my bad anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did in through the nose, big belly breath and try and hold it and then really intentionally deflating that balloon and the sort of stomach deflate develop deflate.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really focusing on how the body feels. And did you notice that the intensity of the Ellery elevated heart rate sweaty palms tight chest it decrease
Shaun W.: Yeah, I was basically trying to control my breathing to control my heart rate, like I do in groupies. When we do Murphy's you got to control your heartbeat to keep going with your breathing.
Shaun W.: And that helps. Well, that's what I did. Yeah, so I just started doing my breathing like to like to slow my heart down
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. And did you then. So that's what we call sort of a bottom up that's using the body to regulate the mind you sent a contradictory message to the brain, saying, hey, it's all good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nobody's trying to kill us here. You can chill. You don't have to have a racing heart. No one's coming after us. They're not threatening life and limb.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then curious. Did you do any of the top down, which is like a self talk a mantra, something that you said to yourself to make it okay that you'd not whatever the fear was what else you had money. What do you think to yourself,
Shaun W.: Yeah, I do that all the time. I talked to myself all the time to call me.
Shaun W.: Right now.
Shaun W.: I'm tripping. I've been doing that for years. That's what it's helped me calm down a lot.
Shaun W.: Just talking to myself. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So well, so I'm tripping right so is the translation of that, like I'm blowing something this big into this big, is that what tripping. Okay.
Shaun W.: Beautiful. So hey, are you know my homies doing that and screen as long. He has a traumatic brain injury starts blowing up to
Shaun W.: The reasonable time I told me. What are you doing,
Shaun W.: You to chill out.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's that part of the brain that meant that inhibits impulses, he's gonna have a really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it like, did he have yeah right here. Oh.
Shaun W.: Right here across the top of his forehead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no.
Shaun W.: So what does that mean, because if it is i is all like gone
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so he's probably it's affected the prefrontal cortex, which is where we really do need to have that impulse control. So you were you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: We might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and we might have a pulse thought he probably will. Like, that's disgusting. You know, he's going to say it before his
Gwenevere Abriel: Frontal Lobe comes online and says, okay, that would be rude. That's going to cause a conflict and he can't inhibit the impulse to pump something throw something
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going to have maybe a hard time with that and and this bloviation and it's just as soon as you have a thought it's getting said, so I don't know if that's what's happening for him.
Shaun W.: Yeah, just threw me out. I was like, is also, you gotta Chill out, man. He started freaking out over nothing like his phone. He broke it.
Shaun W.: He's calling his mom every day, every call bars. Are you sure it's coming today or sure it's going to do is a mom's by one committee I was a urinal down. So why do you keep doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So here, so there might be. And I don't know if it's you did use point to the left side, where'd you go just now. Show me what you where
Shaun W.: Where is his car is on the right side.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's on the road. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will tell you I'm not a neuroscientist, but
Gwenevere Abriel: There's the hippocampus on both the left and right side, left side. Typically that's why I talk about the most. I talked about stored memory over in her hippocampus, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's on both sides. So on the right side is more of the emotional memory. So what might be happening to him as maybe he's only
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not getting just the stored knowledge with no emotional intensity, he might just be activated from a really a memory of
Gwenevere Abriel: The Oh my gosh, the fear response of whatever I don't have my phone on my phone. I don't have it. It's this tight little loop that just stays over there. When I my phone is we offer this would be awful. This is the awful. Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's not going to remembering plain and simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already have a plan. I already have. And that's the sequencing that
Shaun W.: shows exactly what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So that's the left side. So just stored knowledge sits on the left side of the brain where
Gwenevere Abriel: We have stored information and sequencing. This is where we kind of think of our just like it's just the facts, please that sits over here on the left side, the right side is the emotional side that feels like all the emotion of fret and anxiety and what have you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it sounds like he's that's just getting really activated on
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm so sorry.
Shaun W.: But for you. Hey Mommy, I grew up with the first grade.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can see you can see for him. Oh, that's, that's just his brain injury happening right now. You can step back from it. You won't pop off with him right
Shaun W.: Because I already know. I'll just walk away. Are you always on Mr.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good, good, good. Now I wonder what the differences between him and when your mom's talks, what happens, how we can kind of use that same
Gwenevere Abriel: Note, I'm saying
Shaun W.: Nobody's like she just talk shit out of nowhere for no reason. I can't explain it. Like, I can't even explain to you what she does right like
Shaun W.: It's weird, like out of nowhere to just start talking shit about something or so about you and she'll try to get real personal for no reason. She does it all day long.
Shaun W.: And then everybody anybody to go there. And everybody's like, Damn she's crazy. Like, that's weird. Like, I don't understand why she does it. It's, it's, she's very hateful and mean
Shaun W.: I can't explain it on
Gwenevere Abriel: As it been worsening or is it been like your whole life.
Shaun W.: I think it's gotten better because you don't drink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Better
Shaun W.: You don't even know I can't even explain you would blow your mind.
Shaun W.: She gets cancelled security and mental disability.
Gwenevere Abriel: They survived this
Shaun W.: She is. Whoa. My whole family's photo done the head every kid that she's raised his
Shaun W.: Arms.
Shaun W.: What am I see sisters was a prostitute 16
Gwenevere Abriel: One all across the whole country.
Shaun W.: She blond hair, blue eyes. She's pretty. She's going across the whole country prostitute.
Shaun W.: The Feds game garter stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your family history. Is there anyone that you know she has a history of having been touched in appropriately.
Shaun W.: That says so. You know why she's told me stories where people like my parents, friends have tried to hit on her life. And she was older, like, I don't know. She has, she's told me stories. Yeah, most of them only a girl knows what the go to like
Shaun W.: Things like, does he see a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it isn't actually boys boys get hurt to
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't just happen.
Shaun W.: Yeah, no, that's great. I told my little niece, all the time. So anyway, touch, you can
Shaun W.: Tell someone told my children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And right in the moment, you know. No, no matter, no matter if they say, I'll hurt all hurt someone in your family all her to get out.
Shaun W.: All you gotta do is tell me they ain't gonna hurt, nobody
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh. Well that's typically what what folks do is they say, well, if you tell then I'll hurt.
Shaun W.: You know, what if someone did that. I don't think I would call the police. And I think that I'll get acquitted after I killed him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take this conversation.
Shaun W.: You know why because I seen a man a drunk driver hit him in his car and killed his kid. He went to the man's house shot and killed in and took it to trial, the jury agree with him and let him and acquitted him.
Gwenevere Abriel: In New Mexico.
Shaun W.: Know in the United States.
Shaun W.: Like Connecticut or somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah y'all would go down here. I've heard so many stories about New Mexico, la, oh, I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to try and drive the speed limit almost got to check it out. I was like, well, I'm gonna do
Shaun W.: You know what they do, they, they, they, they are they are
Shaun W.: You talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: I think in a trap me set up a trap to catch me speed on
Shaun W.: The team at the cost of the some of the columns.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out, they did something
Shaun W.: You don't
Shaun W.: Check this out. I'll be looking at our friend. I've known three years I'll be standing out about like what is his name.
Shaun W.: Oh, like what the hell is his name. This shift happening to me a white lady.
Shaun W.: And I know exactly who he is he gonna be like, What is his name.
Shaun W.: I can't remember his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard that one in a while. I forgot my friends. Yeah, yeah. I it's I think it's stress. I really do. That's that cortisol.
Gwenevere Abriel: Messing with your hippocampus, we can't think straight. You ever noticed that, like right when I really need all my facts. If I'm stressed or anxious I can't pull them up. I just can't. I can't pull up what I need and I
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to be in a relaxed body so that our brain works better, faster, stronger.
Shaun W.: Guys calling me right now. But that's dramatic brain injury.
Shaun W.: He was calling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to see what little phrase.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the power to take what you just said, I'm tripping. So I want to use that I'm going to put that under healthy coping skills. I'm going to put self talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Which means I might be blowing something out of proportion. Is that what that is. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now there's a lot that I've said that you've probably heard
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to use another one like maybe with maybe with your mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, it's self talk. We don't really say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds like a huge problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not any problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, it's on her shoulders to work out if she has a complaint about someone something that's for her to work it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not for you to solve, it's not for you you to feel blame so that that mantra right there. Just saying. A lot of people use this one. Is that a me problem are you problem they're thinking in your head. Don't say it. I was just gonna piss her off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I like that one for your relationship with your mother more than things like don't infer intention from outcome because
Gwenevere Abriel: The other one just keeps it really simple. There's nothing for you to do when you're around ugliness and hatefulness that is her problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not for you to. And that's where we really put up our boundary. We don't want to have it porous. Whatever she says just bounces off of her and sticks to her. Instead, it has to because
Shaun W.: You small family will tell you, tell us it's really real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're already
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already in your solution, Sean, I want to protect you. I want you away from that. So this is, you and I do, you're not having to cope with ongoing barrages right
Gwenevere Abriel: Of assault. What I want is you to feel safe in your own little environment so that you and I can do the work that healing of past trauma, so they should not continuing to have it come at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're already in the solution. You might be a month or two away from that. That's great.
Shaun W.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're making this happen because you could throw up your arms and say, fuck it. Fuck this shit. Y'all are Fuck you, but you're not what you're doing is each time that you chill can come back to. I'm trippin. Every time you do that,
Gwenevere Abriel: That is literally an investment in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you give in to the nasty and ugliness of your mother and other people
Gwenevere Abriel: They're literally stealing your life from you. They're taking basically money, resources in your psychological stability when you get hooked like a fish, right, like, You're right. You're so maybe hungry for needing to be right needing approval or whatever. Don't bite.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just don't bite.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like a you problem just that mantra in your head. Is this me problem. Is this something I need to take action on is this hitting one
Gwenevere Abriel: Of my core values.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right then. So that, that's your problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got to work it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's why I like it does not have any problem or you problem. You can take a second. You can consider what another human being is thinking and saying, right. Okay, let me try it on. Is that my shit or her shit that's her sugar. I'm good. Right. And that's what we do. I'm good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm good.
Shaun W.: You just do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's that
Shaun W.: Tell us that this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: When dot out loud. Just don't say it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: My counselor told me to tell you it's your
Shaun W.: Hey, that's all my family talks to my family's from the south. My mom's from Arkansas my desk from Tennessee that all Southern like whether my
Shaun W.: Dog was all your, your, my dad's all your at this new cities genius boy.
Shaun W.: Because the way I talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Southern
Shaun W.: At all, at all.
Shaun W.: Hey, I remember my dad used to do send money from when I was in prison, they're like, yeah, so like hillbilly country, as do call those are. Yes, my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I recognize
The New Mexico. Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not
Shaun W.: Because I was I was raised. I was like I was raised as a juvenile in the system.
Shaun W.: So I was around, you know, people in the whole state for these little rule little rural areas.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I talked to my real dad. The other day when I chopped me up the sword.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the machete.
Shaun W.: Ya know, it was a samurai sword.
Shaun W.: Samurai. Sorry, my bad talk
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, how the conversation go
Shaun W.: That was good, that he started. I can hear you started doing that shot at heroin. He's going to call you back, and call it will call me back. And I was like,
Oh,
Shaun W.: My dad does everyone that's why he left in New Mexico because he was getting too messed up the drugs too cheap. So we split from here, he can find it anywhere. My dad's a Big old red hair to do with freckles a lower my real dad.
Shaun W.: When I was little I have black hair, but it was red tip I go to Sonia don't all have to be like red balloons like
Dark
Shaun W.: So what I had here this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna see if we can review.
Gwenevere Abriel: If all you can remember is, I'm tripping, that's fine. But I'd like to add that additional one
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna you're going to register the zing of someone's assault, you're going to register it that's going to happen to all of us. We all register, someone is attacking me criticizing me you're still going to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We humans. I won't be able to there'll be no medicine that will skip over that our body is wired to self preserve so that initial smack like fuck right we're going to get that hit first and then the trick is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just even one deep breath than our mind is going to remember just me problem, straight up, did I really forgot to turn the water off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's on her. That's for her to work it out. All I need to do is just have a half smile. Just smile. Alright, sounds like this. Now this is a phrase, if you actually want something to say out loud in those moments because you got to say something after someone's been. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say this, this is memorized.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah mom, that sounds important you've got a lot going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not kidding memorized.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Shaun W.: We got a lot going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know it's funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got one. I have, I have a client. This is going to crack you up. You want them will end with this giggle but we already confirmed individual therapy so
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's what we say and there's what we think. Right. So this is a little hack. This is a little in therapy. It's paradoxical intervention, but
Gwenevere Abriel: We stay we say is that sounds really important
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what we think the rest of that sentence is to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you didn't get what you have, you have your giggle. And now you're not going to punch anybody right
Shaun W.: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why this stuff works.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is. It's true. But we can't say something unless it's a little bit true, there is some part of you that realizes that whatever is going on for her. It is important to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is important that that conversation. Stay chill and not not escalate. So in a way, you can find some truth in it. You know what mom what you're talking about does sound important
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a lot on your mind and we say shit all after that literally shush, shush.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
So we think
Gwenevere Abriel: The sequences I breathe. I get hurt and offended. Yep. That's probably going to happen, then I breathe. Then, I think, is this a me problem or her problem, then you know what I say.
Gwenevere Abriel: YEAH MOM IS A LOT GOING ON, HON neutral. I said I didn't name call didn't tell her. Do some I didn't defend myself. I just said there's a lot going on. And I know this is really important to you for it right now.
Shaun W.: I think you're lost in there.
Shaun W.: I think you're lost in there and you need to fix that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't do
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't say anything. You cannot label a single thing you stay neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way through it's just because you know what, as soon as she gets
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Ah, no. You give content. So there's one is a process once a process response ones, the content as soon as you say. And you got to work your shit out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope. Now they're going to the only thing they're going to focus on. They won't hear
Gwenevere Abriel: That you that you just validated, your mom is going through something important to her and she has a lot going on. She won't hear any of that and said she's only going to hear your work, your shit out, you got in your last
Gwenevere Abriel: She was only here that I promise you, all of us do that. We hear what's after the comma me. You see none of us here. The first part.
Shaun W.: We only hear comma
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think you're a great guy. You know what I mean. I mean, you don't don't all these things. So watch it. You don't need to you need to step it up, but you can hear us out in the front end.
Shaun W.: But
Shaun W.: Here's
Gwenevere Abriel: comma, comma, but is the rug.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're standing on is being pulled out from under you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all we're going to focus on is someone just criticize me said I'm not enough. And so don't give it to someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I will see you
Shaun W.: All right, we won't be see
Shaun W.: Also I'll do the makeup group tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, go into virtual clinic. Now, I don't know, those group times bigger individual therapy.
Shaun W.: Bye bye, good bye